If a square contains 4 or more people it is overcrowded. If a square becomes overcrowded then people will migrate from the square to the neighbouring squares; these are the four squares directly adjacent horizontally and vertically. A migration consists of 4 people from a square moving simultaneously, one to each neighbouring square. On each step of the simulation a new person is added to the landscape. Whilst there are any overcrowded squares, one of them (it does not matter which) will migrate; this is repeated until there are no more overcrowded squares. This ends this step of the simulation. For example, suppose that the landscape starts with the only people as shown in the left figure. If the next step is to add a person to the square currently containing 2 people, there will be no overcrowding and the step will end with the grid as shown in the right figure. If, on the next step, another person is added to the same square we will have an overcrowded square (left figure) and migration will take place (middle figure). This causes two overcrowded squares and these will successively migrate (right figure). As there are now no more overcrowded squares, the step will end. The following method will be used to add people to the grid:

• We will place people (at the start of steps) within a 5⨉5 section of the landscape. The top row of this section contains positions 1 to 5 (from left to right), the next row positions 5 to 10, etc... so that the bottom right corner is position 25. • You will be given the position of the square that receives a person in the first step. • You will be given a sequence of numbers (each between 0 and 24). These will be used in order. When the last number has been used, return to the beginning of the sequence. • On each successive step, generate the position for the next person by adding the next number in the sequence to the position used in the previous step. If this number is greater than 25, take 25 off total so that you are left with a position from 1 to 25. For example, if the starting position is 10 and the sequence is 5 then 6, people will be placed at positions 10, 15, 21, 1, 7, 12, 18, 23, 4, etc...
